1-Make a project deployment.
	https://adel-eleraky.github.io/RWD_project/

2-what is pull request and request & differrent bettween them?
	A pull request is a proposal to merge a set of changes from one branch into another. In a pull request, collaborators can review and discuss the proposed set of changes before they integrate the changes into the main codebase.
	a request is more general word for accessing server and request data from it

4-What is the command to delete the branch "new-email"
	git branch -d new-email

5-What is the command to push the current repository to the remote origin?
	git push origin main

6-what is git Rebase and how to use it ?
	Git rebase is a command that allows you to integrate changes from one branch into another
	by moving the base of your branche to a new point in history,
	it rewrites the commit history, making it appear as if your branch started from a different commit 	
	
	commands: 
		git checkout feature-branch
		git rebase main
	or: 
		git checkout feature-branch
		git rebase -i HEAD~n   ( replace n with number of commit you want to review )


7-What is the command to get all the change history of the remote repository "origin"?
	first you must: get fetch origin ,
	then :  git log origin/main    
	or:   git log --all

8-What is the command to show the differences between the current branch and the branch "new-email"?
	git diff new-email

9-what is tags and Make five tags and release two of them?
	tags are references that point to specific commits, typically used to mark important points in the repository's history, such as release versions.
	
	git tag -a v1.0.0 -m "Release version 1.0.0"
	git tag -a v1.1.0 -m "Release version 1.1.0"
	git tag -a v1.2.0 -m "Release version 1.2.0"
	git tag -a v2.0.0 -m "Release version 2.0.0"
	git tag -a v2.1.0 -m "Release version 2.1.0"

	git push origin v1.0.0
	git push origin v1.1.0
	git push origin v2.0.0



Bouns :
Make SSh to your repo.
	
	ssh is way to connect to your repo using secure shell 
	
	generating ssh:  ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -C "your_email@example.com"
	then add your ssh-key to your github account
	then clone to your repo using ssh-key:-  git clone git@github.com:adel-eleraky/RWD_project.git